Added Envoy, Go and Istio matchings to Prometheus federation ServiceMonitors (#7391)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/best-practices/observability/index.md

    'match[]':
    - '{__name__=~"workload:(.*)"}'
    - '{__name__=~"pilot(.*)"}'
    - '{__name__=~"envoy(.*)"}'
    - '{__name__=~"go(.*)"}'

>     - '{__name__=~"istio(.*)"}'

Reviewer: We don't want istio metrics directly. That is the point of the the `workload` prefix in this section of the document.

This is the same thing below.

Author: Alright, removing istio below makes perfect sense.
I'll update the PR with the removal and mention these between {{< tip >}}  {{< /tip >}} tags. Thank you for picking this up!

the prefix used in the workload-level recording rules (`workload:`). This will allow existing dashboards and
queries to seamlessly continue working when pointed at the production Prometheus instance (and away from the Istio instance).

> You can also include additional metrics, e.g. envoy, go, etc. when setting up federation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also include additional metrics (for example, envoy, go, etc.) when setting up federation.
```
